Today we make soft cheese like
recode why exactly like the thing in
that the real river is
well how to say a byproduct when
the production of mozart ie italians
first take the milk they add it all
black enzyme get with motors and already
serum based here's the remaining
whey after mozzarella production
they paint over lemon juice and they have
it turns out a record because we have no
we don't make mozzarella
and black enzyme when it appears and
I will definitely try to do this
interesting sir we make this one
soft cheese based on regular milk
Today I brought the milk will carry 2
liter of milk in a saucepan morning milking
it must be heated to 85 degrees and
so we 'll need here two with
half a liter of milk
who brought me today from the village
in fact it is morning milk
must be heated to 80 to 85 degrees in
milk add salt a teaspoon with
small slide and mix well
it should be noted that milk is necessary
heat slowly
that is, in this case, I have a stove
costs average temperature
and there will be a slow slow heat
next we need lemon juice here
so I took the juice of the four medium-sized
lemons and need another saucepan
and sieve grease gauze fold 2 times
through this gauze hangs and we will
filter our thickened milk and
need another thermometer to measure
milk temperature reached
eighty seven degrees of this
just turn off the stove and start
pour lemon juice pouring in thin
trickle
and shuffle now begin
turn away milk and now we
remove from the stove so that it is no longer
warmed we cover with a towel and we cover
lid and now the milk should cool and
Here it is time to start paying
take the soft cheese estimates
skimmer sieve and gauze folded in half and
get out carefully get the resulting
cheese and laid at all that is
milk is good
This amount of cheese and now need to give
water will flow but one important point
too much water is not allowed glass
here is the main thing to catch such a moment
because if a lot of water goes through
cheesecloth will be dry too
to control a little bit of taste
to suit your own taste after
after the water runs out
cheese must be shifted to the cup
cool it
for temperature and put in
refrigerator yesterday we started the process
production of home soft
today it ended got out
refrigerator son may have turned 350
grams of such a wonderful cheese and 2
liter serum 40 can be used
for cooking some pancakes
principle dilute it as if the case
today we have a breakfast here
wonderful
try what came out very tasty and
now this wonderful
natural homemade soft cheese which
we prepared ourselves can eat just
so you can add here like greens
you can add here honey sulfur well that is
how do you cook some dish
which will be to your taste or will it be
dessert or will it be like something
snacks so easy